the opal is not paludo paulo very good afternoon with which the frame of uncertainty is
to see with the respect of the field
it's as if my duty
and you would be daughters would own
Hawk
would not an animal be a German I want to buy
paulo for the season
I had a brother milan 21 degrees
it was not the problem is that petrobras will disrupt
how many parents of athletes down to the house dressed in clothes were a brave dog
Earth
the cia it is then deposited at the price is behind
but it competes we create the OPEC
It happens that we want it because it would be a boy there you are doing
the training of the soul
the defeat to the bridge
after
Are you the only owner of the kennel or do you
also the pet's testament
to prepare for paper
pedro alves
as
the pope gave to see
after if it was not the owner as you are only the owner she
I already have a big screen
the character I have an animal but it is a small animal
Not a big animal.
to have a control be a simple kitchen
God's city I would like the beast to fight
the little animal on the ground
I do not feel it
without much
cristina gifts not having a 'pedigree' title is the short world
calculates that even his game name is what puts him
the oracle corp
I was with a rope, no, no, it's not the song, it's just his name.
other
is that you
you are very nice and you can see how braga it is for her
the world only a person who would like
the entire preseason audience is a date to deliver
yes the dog not my dog ​​only sing but not contaminated for kfouri
to taste he tries but the composition is not his not paulo
recurs
hit six more is going to pick you damn woman